She's standing without wavering.
Cheng Xiao is the best star whom the championships gave birth to.
After the championships, every show asks her to do rhythmic gymnastics.
That's true.
She's using a ribbon.
(She starts the game gracefully like the music.)
She's doing good enough to say that she's an athlete.
She's expressing herself very well, and it matches well to the music.
She expresses a mature woman's scent.
(She's moved.)
She throws it high.
- She received it. - She caught it.
She caught it relaxed.
(She succeeds in apparatus degree technique.)
- She caught it. - She got it.
She caught it relaxed.
There should be no more mistakes.
(Everyone's watching Cheng Xiao's performance holding breath.)
- She throws it... - She got it.
- She's relaxed. - She did the technique well.
- She shouldn't get nervous. - That jump was nice.
There she goes.
- It's really amazing. - She connected the balances.
It was a balance technique that connects three balances.
She missed it.
(Ribbon went up high and she failed in risk degree technique.)
- She missed it. - She missed it.
It's fine. She shouldn't be disturbed.
- She still has a lot of time left. - She has enough time.
(She proceeds with the game without being disturbed.)
She must be nervous as the new players are chasing her.
She can just play as she usually does.
(Cheng Xiao spins four times consecutively.)
How many times did she spin?
It's Fouette Pivot, and she spun four times.
- Really? - Yes.
That was the new movement using the ribbon.
That's right.
The ribbon looks like it's dancing.
The balance degree technique was good.
I can clearly see that Cheng Xiao's performance is stable.
And her ribbon never stays still.
This is the end.
(She misses the apparatus at the end.)
Her face says that she regrets her performance especially at the end.
She missed the rhythm a little.
What happened at the end?
As she bent backward,
she missed catching the ribbon with her foot.
But she did well. Cheng Xiao's charm...
was much expressed.
The expectations toward Cheng Xiao is so high.
- She must be feeling so pressured. - She's under so much pressure.
She said so herself.
She's doing...
the dance step combination.
She well expressed a passionate woman.
- She's so flexible. - The balance degree was good.
She throws the ribbon,
- spins herself... - It was this part.
She caught it but missed after that.
She caught it first,
- but lost her grip afterwards. - That's the worst.
- She must have felt so sorry. - That's why it's important...
to focus to the end in rhythmic gymnastics.
Using her foot around her waist, she drags the ribbon...
and catches the ribbon stick.
That's an apparatus degree technique.
The audience keeps exclaiming.
That means...
her performance was on a different level.
You showed a very nice ribbon performance.
How do you feel now?
To be honest, rather than getting a medal,
I just tried my best.
I'd like to appreciate myself for trying hard.
I'd like to tell other players that they tried hard too.
I also want to thank the coaches for putting much so effort into us.
It seems that Cheng Xiao learned about life.
- All sports have some life in it. - You're right.
Now, according to Cheng Xiao's score,
other players' medal colors can change.
That's right.
In 2018 rhythmic gymnastics in this championships,
will a new queen be born...
or will the current queen keep her throne?
- That's right. - Everyone's focused on that.
What color would Cheng Xiao's medal be?
And what color would the other two players' medals be?
Now, let's see Cheng Xiao's score!
(If she exceeds Rachel's 11.7 points, she keeps her throne.)
She can get the gold medal if she earns more points than Rachel.
I'm getting nervous.
- What will it be? - Cheng Xiao!
She received 10.85 points.
She got 3.30 for degree of difficulty, 7.55 for execution.
The total score is 10.85.
She got the bronze medal.
A new queen is born.
Rachel of April takes the gold medal with a score of 11.70,
Seung Yeon of CLC takes the silver medal,
and the bronze medal goes to Cheng Xiao.
Regardless of who plays better or worse,
what these idol stars did for today's performance...
despite their busy schedules...
made me feel that they made time no matter what and did their best.
That's why I got goose bumps for every performance.
I appreciate that you saw it right.
That's why the team members cry.
Right. They really practiced hard.
- Don't cry! - Don't cry!
(Thank you for your hard work, idol star players.)
(April goes to thank their fans for their support.)
Thanks to our fans' support,
I could have a good result. I'm so happy.
- Our fans are the best! - Our fans are the best!
(April gives presents to their fans to show their gratitude.)
(Fans and April members enjoy it together.)
Look at those kids.
(They charge their energy with their fans.)
1, 2, 3!
- Let's go, April! - Let's go, April!
(Bowling)
It's 2018 Idol Star Athletics Championships - New Year Special.
The first game for the semifinals...
of Men's Bowling.
The players are entering.
Joo Heon and Min Hyuk of MONSTA X.
He bowls dynamically. That's nice.
(Starting with Min Hyuk of MONSTA X's strike,)
(strikes continue to be made!)
(He gets the first double strike in the championships' bowling record.)
Just look at that.
(MONSTA X sets the first turkey record too.)
The second team is EXO and Trax.
(Chan Yeol of EXO and Jay of Trax.)
(Everyone acknowledges that EXO and Trax are the heavy favorites.)
- That's good. - That's good indeed.
(They beat Wanna One and moved on to the semifinals.)
(He bowled two clean strikes!)
EXO and Trax move on to semifinals...
with the score of 158.
(EXO and Trax got the highest score among 8 teams.)
(MONSTA X versus EXO and Trax)
This is the first match of semifinal.
The first bowler is...
Chan Yeol from EXO.
Here goes the first bowl.
He powerfully threw the ball.
(Though it was well-aimed, he failed to bowl a strike.)
If he hit the head pin, it would have been a strike.
(EXO and Trax versus MONSTA X)
It was a powerful throw.
Next up is Jay, a skilled bowler.
- Jay has been doing a great job. - He has.
In the preliminaries.
All right.
It fell into the gutter.
The ball must have slipped off his hand.
The first throw from MONSTA X.
- Min Hyuk. - Min Hyuk.
He carefully throws the ball.
It went too far to the left.
(MONSTA X is also...)
(not doing a great job.)
And the second throw ends as well.
Both teams are in a dead heat.
That's right. The score is 14 to 16.
(It's Chan Yeol's turn again.)
Chan Yeol.
- Is it returning? - Is it returning?
(9 pins)
(He failed bowling a strike.)
- The 10 pin was left. - I thought it was a strike.
- He starts to get the hang of it. - It seems like it.
- It was very close. - It was a fantastic spin.
Goodness.
It would've been nice if there was more pin action.
Then he could have hit the last pin too.
- Min Hyuk. - Min Hyuk.
- Very good. - It looks very good.
(7 pins)
It's a little disappointing.
Will he get to pick up the spares?
- Very good. - Good.
Good job!
They are a good team.
- Very good. - Good.
He did a great job.
(MONSTA X now leads the game thanks to Joo Heon.)
Finally someone picked up a spare.
It was a clean hit.
- It was a clean and perfect hit. - He did a great job.
It seems like the longer they play,
the better their posture becomes.
It was an accurate hit.
You're now watching the first match of the semifinals...
in 2018 Idol Star Athletics Championships.
Chan Yeol.
- It looks nice. - Good job.
Is it a strike?
(It was so close.)
It was a great throw.
The ball was spinning too fast...
that it couldn't hit the 9 pin.
It should have hit the 9 pin.
Chan Yeol seems to be disappointed.
Now they have the 9 pin left.
It's Jay's turn.
He's gazing at the 9 pin.
He's so determined to hit the pin.
There he goes.
(Nice!)
- Did he throw it all right? - There it goes!
He successfully picks up a spare!
Did he throw it all right? Here it goes!
- He doesn't let us down. Clean hit. - It was a clean hit.
EXO and Trax also scored a spare.
It's a very close match.
Min Hyuk will throw in the fourth frame.
Min Hyuk.
- It looks nice. - It looks nice.
(It's a strike.)
It's a strike!
This is the first strike.
(It's the first strike of this match.)
Right after scoring a spare,
they scored a strike.
This is the first strike of this match.
Once they start bowling a strike, they keep bowling strikes.
- That's true. - They have more frames to go.
Chan Yeol, you can do it.
What about Chan Yeol now?
(Swaying)
This is the fifth frame of the semifinal.
Chan Yeol.
(It's a strike.)
(See?)
That was a great counterattack.
(EXO and Trax versus MONSTA X)
- This is... - They caught up with them.
He bowled a strike in response to a strike.
Strangely, this is how things usually go.
They can't let their opponent lead the game.
Chan Yeol's strike makes the game even now.
His posture looks stable and comfortable.
(The ball hit the pins accurately.)
His ball went through the 1 and 3 pins.
It was a very accurate hit.
It was an ideal hit.
This is what you call...
- a strike. - A strike.
It is indeed.
Will he make it?
(EXO and Trax are now on fire!)
Good job.
(They slowly widen the score gap.)
(It's now MONSTA X's turn.)
- It hit the pins. - It's a successful spare.
It hit the pins.
(MONSTA X catches up with them, by scoring a spare.)
- They catch up to their opponent. - It's a close match.
When one catches the other, the other runs away. This is exciting.
- It's Jay's turn. - Yes.
(Jay throws the ball in frame 7.)
It should spin. It should spin.
(It falls into the gutter.)
- Oh, no. - Oh, no.
It should spin. It should spin.
Jay is a skilled bowler, but...
It's all right.
(What a relief.)
(They feel relieved.)
Let's see if Chan Yeol can make up for it.
(7 pins)
He scores only seven points.
(Disappointed)
It's MONSTA X's turn in the seventh frame.
- Joo Heon. - Joo Heon.
It's going a bit far too the right.
Very good!
(Sad)
Actually, this is...
a big chance for MONSTA X.
- Right. - You're right.
- That was nice. - It looks nice.
(Oh, no!)
(He failed to pick up the spares.)
(Disappointed)
(The audience feels bad for him.)
He missed one pin.
Although he failed to pick up the spares,
- They almost caught up with them. - they almost caught up with them.
It's a really close match.
The score gap is only two points.
MONSTA X scored 80 points...
while EXO and Trax scored 82 points.
It's a very close match.
Now, they have only three frames left.
(They have only 3 frames left.)
Nice. There you go.
How does it look?
That was so close.
It was not the 10 pin.
It looks like the 7 pin.
The 7 pin is left.
I think they can hit it.
Will Chan Yeol pick up a spare?
- I wonder... - He looks serious.
Will it hit the 7 pin?
It should've gone further.
- He missed it. - He missed it.
(It's hard to predict who will be the winner.)
- It's the eighth frame. - It's Joo Heon's turn.
- Will he... - Let's go!
- It's a strike! - He scores a strike.
(He widens the score gap again.)
- That was awesome. - He did a great job.
- It's a strike! - He scores a strike.
(It's another chance for MONSTA X to turn the tide.)
They almost caught up with their opponent now.
The difference between their scores is only one point.
- MONSTA X scored 90 points, - 90 points.
while EXO and Trax scored...
- 91 points. - 91 points.
(Their score difference is now only 1 point.)
The score is...
We can't help it. It's a competition.
There's one point difference. And the ninth frame begins.
It's Jay's turn.
(The ninth frame begins.)
It's Jay's turn. It looks good.
Is it a strike? It's a strike!
It's a strike again!
(Yes!)
- It's a strike! - It's a strike again!
How is this possible?
It seems like a strike leads to another strike.
It seems like it.
It's like, "Did you bowl a strike? Me too."
Jay looks like an experienced bowler.
In the eighth frame, he powerfully threw the ball,
- leaving the 7 pin. - Right.
Then he adjusted it a bit...
and ended up bowling a clean strike.
His face looks like an experienced bowler's face.
- Each team scored two strikes. - Right.
Now, it's MONSTA X's turn.
They just scored a strike.
They changed the bowler now.
- It's Min Hyuk's turn. - Yes.
He threw the ball with confidence.
That's a little disappointing.
Let's see if Joo Heon can pick up the spares.
It seems like Joo Heon starts...
- to feel nervous. - Right.
He's become more serious.
The key is to hit the head pin.
He's focused.
He must hit the head pin.
(The ball passed by the head bin.)
One pin remains.
He almost made it.
So by adding 9 more bonus points to the 9 points he just earned,
he added a total 18 points.
They just finished the ninth frame.
MONSTA X scored 108 points.
EXO and TRAX scored 101 points.
It's important that EXO did a strike earlier.
They will be able to receive extra points.
No one knows what will happen.
I'm nervous.
That's right. We only have the last frame left.
- I'm so nervous. - Yes, I'm nervous.
I don't know why I'm nervous when I'm not even playing.
Who will be the first team to advance to the final round?
Please stay tuned to see the results.
(Deep breath)
It's the last frame.
It's Chan Yeol.
(The first throw of the last frame.)
He started.
- Nice. - That's good.
- That was good. - Did he do a good job?
- That is good. - Did he do a good job?
(Men's Bowling Team Event Semifinals EXO and Trax versus MONSTA-X)
- It was a good throw. - He is good indeed.
Good throw.
- The 10 pin is left again. - Yes.
I think people will start hating the 10 pin.
The nasty 10 pin is still there.
But EXO and Trax has Jay.
Will he be able to hit a spare...
and earn a bonus frame?
- It's an important moment. - It's very important.
- It's important. - Okay.
- That's good. - It looks good.
(Spare)
- He hit a spare. - Oh, my.
- He finally hit it. - He did.
- That's amazing. He earned a bonus. - Yes.
That was really amazing.
How could he hit it so dramatically?
- I don't know. - It was so close.
- That's amazing. - He hit it precisely.
EXO and Trax scored 121 points.
They have a bonus frame left.
Their victory depends on it.
It's very important.
- If MONSTA X... - I'm starting to sweat.
wants to make a chance to win, they must hit two strikes in a row.
(They will have a chance if they hit a strike or a spare.)
How will it go?
It's the last frame, frame 10.
The opponent team is also nervous.
What will be the results?
Okay.
(The dice has been thrown.)
- He hit it. - Wait a minute.
Okay.
- That wasn't bad. - Come on.
(6 pins)
(MONSTA X missed the chance to score a high score.)
I guess it wasn't strong enough.
(Relieved)
The pins didn't fall enough compared to his accurate throw.
Joo Heon is up for their last turn.
- There's a split left. - Yes.
Joo Heon must hit a spare.
- They'll have a chance only then. - That is correct.
He must hit a spare.
Let's trust Joo Heon.
- That's nice. - Will he hit a spare?
(Please)
(That was so close.)
- Oh, my. - He should've hit a spare.
- That's nice. - Will he hit a spare?
(Oh, my.)
MONSTA X is finished.
They ended the game with 117 points.
(It's okay, you did a good job.)
- It was almost a split. - Yes.
He would've done it if it moved just a little bit to the right.
- It was such a close hit. - It was so close.
- That's too bad. - That's too bad.
EXO and Trax must finish their bonus frame.
Let's watch.
Chan Yeol is doing his best until the end.
(Chan Yeol's bonus frame)
It's Chan Yeol.
He threw it carefully.
Good posture. It's a strike! Good job.
- It's a strike. - Gosh.
That was good.
I'm still hungry.
- He hit a strike in the end. - Yes.
That was amazing.
How does he do this?
This is the first team to advance to the final round.
It was a close match, and they showed an amazing game.
MONSTA X scored 117 points.
EXO and Trax scored 131 points.
EXO and Trax will advance to the final round.
(EXO and Trax will advance to the final round.)
(Who will go against EXO and Trax?)
(Will it be strike baby ASTRO?)
(They hit spares precisely.)
(The king of spares, KNK?)
(ASTRO versus KNK)
KNK, please tell us about your teamwork.
Let us show our teamwork.
Do you like to dip or pour the sauce on your tangsuyuk? 1, 2, 3.
- I like to dip it. - I like to dip it.
- That's cool. - They're well suited.
(Even their taste matches perfectly.)
I'm warning you.
(I'm warning you.)
This was MC Hani.
MBC.
(Hani is the best.)
Hani, thank you.
The atmosphere was nice...
between the two teams.
Now, we will start the second semifinals match.
Jeong In Seong was very good.
- He became the dark horse. - That's right.
- It's almost there. - Gosh.
It's a good start.
- It's a strike. - Oh, my. It's a strike.
(Strike)
He's starting with a strike.
- He's in his prime. - Yes, he's in his prime.
Will he continue to be like this?
Yes, he continued...
to deal spares from the preliminaries.
He now hit a strike from the start.
- That's amazing. - Let's look at him.
It went through the 1 and 3 pins.
- That was a good throw. - Yes.
- It's a good throw. - It's a good throw.
- Rocky. - Rocky.
- They're cheering for Rocky. - Rocky.
It's Rocky's turn.
(Rocky throws straightforward.)
- Oh, my. - That's good.
(9 pins)
- One more. - Yes.
(A controlled ceremony)
He did a controlled ceremony.
It's a chance to hit a spare. Eun Woo is up for this one.
- Hit it. - Hit it.
(You have to hit a spare.)
His team members...
- are pressuring him innocently. - Yes.
You can't say anything to them when they're so innocent like that.
(He throws the ball with pressure on his shoulders.)
(The ball ends up in the gutter.)
- It ended up in the gutter. - It's okay.
- It's okay. - It's okay.
- I think he slipped in the end. - Yes.
They hit a strike from the start.
That's why the order changed.
Okay.
(6 pins)
It's Jeong In Seong.
(He hit a clean spare.)
- Jeong In Seong did it. - That was amazing.
- Jeong In Seong is too good. - What is wrong with him today?
He never misses his target.
Jeong In Seong is amazing.
It's Oh Hee Jun's turn.
Okay.
- Will it fall? - Oh, my.
(He scored an extra point because the pin got caught.)
- The pin actions are helping them. - Yes.
- Isn't that right? - Yes.
It's Jeong In Seong's turn.
- Will he get a clean hit? - Will he be able to do it?
(He succeeds again.)
Jeong In Seong is amazing today.
(He's true to his name, the king of spares.)
- He's so good. - Yes, he's good at hitting spares.
He's really good.
It's Rocky, who has become serious.
He's very serious.
(He throws heavily for the second time.)
- That's good. - Gosh.
(8 pins)
(Cha Eun Woo's turn)
- Will it hit the pins? - It's dangerous.
(His ball ends up in the gutter two times in a row.)
This always makes things unpredictable.
- It's okay. - It's okay.
(Cha Eun Woo continues to be in a slump.)
- Will it hit the pins? - It's dangerous.
It's going in.
(He continues to make mistakes because of the pressure.)
- Is he feeling pressured? - Yes, he must feel pressured.
(ASTRO is having a hard time.)
(It is frame 5 now.)
(KNK earned more than double scores because of their victories.)
(Will ASTRO be able to catch up?)
It's Rocky's turn.
Okay.
- That's good. - That's good.
(Something feels extraordinary.)
- It's going well. - It's a strike.
- Yes. - It's a strike.
(All pins are knocked down.)
(ASTRO turns the table with a strike.)
- They did it. - That was good.
(He does a new ceremony.)
- That's a new ceremony. - Yes.
- It makes me feel so good. - Yes.
(Rocky hit a strike at the most needed moment.)
Since ASTRO is trying to catch up, KNK must do their best...
- to widen the distance. - That's right.
Frame six is very important.
They start by changing the competitor.
It's going to change.
(Oh Hee Jun's throw wasn't satisfactory.)
Jeong In Seong will try to hit a spare now.
He has to hit a spare.
That's right.
(He fails to hit a spare.)
- That was difficult. - Yes, it was a difficult spare.
He just wants to hit eight pins.
- Cha Eun Woo. - Cha Eun Woo.
(Deep breath)
This is the sixth frame of ASTRO.
Is ASTRO's time back?
He's Cha Eun Woo.
He threw the ball gently.
- Is it spinning? - It's going.
He's Cha Eun Woo.
He threw the ball gently.
- Is it spinning? - It's going.
(It's another strike!)
- It's double. - That's right.
(Eun Woo of ASTRO redeems his mistakes with a double strike.)
It's a double strike.
He released his thumb a little late.
It was a double strike.
As he bowled strikes in frames 5 and 6,
we can't predict the results.
It's in the mist now.
(KNK should extend their lead now.)
- That was good. - It looks great.
(7 pins)
But KNK has Jeong In Seong.
(KNK fails to pick up a spare.)
He must've felt pressured.
They've added a lot of scores.
This frame is very important for ASTRO.
- Would it be a turkey? - Would he bowl a turkey?
- Is it coming back? - It's coming back.
Would he bowl a turkey?
(8 pins)
- Eun Woo bowls for the spares. - For the spares.
If he picks up the spares, he'll tie the game.
(It was a close fail.)
- That's too bad. - It was so close.
They're only one point apart.
ASTRO is just one point behind now.
The score is 93 to 94.
KNK is only one point ahead.
(It's only 1 point apart.)
- A double strike is very powerful. - Exactly.
All right.
(In frame 9, KNK...)
- It looks good. - That's it.
(fails to pick up spares again.)
This is a great chance for ASTRO to turn the game around.
- An opportunity to overtake. - It sure is.
He's Rocky, the cheerful guy.
- It's Rocky. - Would he turn the game around?
- It looks great. - What?
Here...
(9 pins)
He scored nine points.
(It's okay.)
It's a tie now.
- That's right. - They tied the game.
It's a tie as Rocky knocked down nine pins.
It depends on Eun Woo now.
Would he be able to pick up a spare?
- This frame will be the watershed. - I think so.
How would it go?
(Everyone is watching it with bated breath.)
How will it go?
What will it be?
It's getting close.
(Spare)
(ASTRO turned the game around.)
ASTRO turned the game around by picking up a spare.
He hit the spare accurately.
The cheering squad is very excited.
This is the last frame.
- ASTRO finally overtook the game. - It's the last chance for KNK.
It's Frame 10.
Oh Hee Jun, you can do this.
Good luck!
(KNK lost the lead right before the last frame.)
- This is an important moment. - I'm so nervous.
He's Oh Hee Jun. This is very important.
It's important.
(Would they be able to take back the lead?)
It's turning left.
- It's not so bad though. - Right.
KNK has to pick up the spares here...
- like ASTRO just did. - That's right.
This is a crucial moment. He's Jeong In Seong.
Jeong In Seong has played well.
(The master of spares throws the ball to bowl the last spares.)
(He fails.)
- He failed to pick up the spares. - That's too bad.
They finished the game like that.
KNK scored 109 points.
That's their final score.
It's ASTRO's turn for Frame 10.
- Rocky! - Rocky!
They are currently six points apart.
(They are only 6 points apart.)
The result has not been decided yet.
He's Rocky.
- Rocky. - Go, Rocky.
- It's good. - Rocky...
It's pretty good.
He knocked down eight pins.
The game is decided now.
(Eun Woo tries to make the end well by picking up the spares.)
It's Eun Woo's finish.
Would he be able to bring the game to a successful conclusion?
It looks good.
(Spare)
He did it.
It's good that they try their best until the last moment.
It was perfect.
Eun Woo is handsome and a good bowler.
- That's right. - Isn't he?
(Before the main matches,)
(they recharge their energies.)
(The athletes fill their stomachs.)
(Thank you for the food.)
(The girls look excited when they eat.)
- Thank you for the food. - Thank you for the food.
(She's pretty even when she eats.)
(Taking a big bite)
Women's Archery Team Event will begin shortly.
(Goyang Gymnasium)
2018 Idol Star...
Athletics Championships.
This is the Women's Archery Team Event.
She's here again.
She's the gold medalist of the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.
It was 22 years ago.
- She's Commentator Yoon Hye Young. - It's nice to meet you.
Hello, I'm Commentator Yoon Hye Young.
She hasn't changed since the Atlanta Olympics.
- She's changed a little bit. - Thank you.
I think...
this will be a big match.
I know all the idol groups are very busy,
but these two teams are the busiest.
Despite their busy schedules, they practiced a lot.
These two teams are here...
looking for a chance to redeem themselves.
They want to revenge their former defeats.
You know what?
It breaks my heart that one of the two teams...
must be defeated.
I understand how you feel.
The match between these two teams will be the battle of the century.
Commentator Yoon, how do you think this game would turn out?
For Red Velvet,
the members who are on their upturn...
- are playing in the game today. - I see.
I'd say they're the ace archers of Red Velvet.
Meanwhile, TWICE showed outstanding concentration during practice.
Tzuyu is well known...
for her stable position.
She's also the strongest member in her team.
As far as I remember, Tzuyu showed a very stable position.
As for Red Velvet,
Irene becomes determined...
once the game begins.
She's smiling now, but she becomes scary.
- She looks different. - She becomes cold-hearted.
She's acting cute now, but...
- She's not acting cute. - She is cute.
- But she changes. - Right.
You can watch this match...
between TWICE and Red Velvet only on Idol Star Athletics Championships.
- That's right. - Please stay tuned.
Women's Archery Team Event.
The first match of Preliminary Group One begins now.
It's TWICE versus Red Velvet.
(TWICE versus Red Velvet)
Da Hyun of TWICE goes first.
(2 shots of 3 archers of each team plus the last shot of ace archers)
Da Hyun goes first.
It's TWICE.
Their fans are cheering for them ardently.
Red Velvet's fans are just as passionate.
This is like a match between Korea and Japan.
This is so exciting.
Goyang Gymnasium is all fired up.
- It's Seul Gi versus Da Hyun. - That's right.
This match is something you can watch only in our show.
The first shot is very important.
(Letting out a sigh)
- She must be very nervous. - She looks nervous.
They're fighting for their pride.
- Exactly. - That's what matters.
Da Hyun is experienced.
But she has ups and downs. That's her weakness.
This is like Ronaldo versus Messi.
(What would Da Hyun's first shot be like?)
- She shot it. - Yes.
- 9 points! - It's 9 points.
- My gosh. - It's a good start. Nine points.
She got off with a flying start.
She did a good job with her first shot.
Da Hyun scored nine points.
It's Seul Gi's turn now.
(It's Seul Gi's turn.)
She looks calm.
She shot it.
- Oh no. - It's five points.
- It's 5 points. - Is it 5 points?
- It's 5 points. - I see.
It's okay.
She feels sorry.
Da Hyun is having a hard time keeping a straight face.
- She's very happy now. - That's right.
- But she shouldn't be too excited. - Exactly.
She has to stay calm.
Her opponent shot five points.
It means she can shoot five points too.
It's very...
- lame. - She shot it.
- She shot five points. - What?
- It's lame. - She shot it.
- I told you. - It's your fault.
See? I told you.
It's your fault. You shouldn't have said that.
Seul Gi is in the same agency with you.
- He should keep his mouth shut. - You're being biased.
- This isn't about my agency. - She's from your agency.
You wanted Da Hyun to shoot five points, didn't you?
That's not true.
I can't believe this.
This is unbelievable.
He can't do this as a commentator.
- We should be careful. - He's being mean.
This is what he intended.
I'm telling you I didn't intend anything.
She shot five points just like he said.
Did my prediction come true?
- How did this happen? - Is it because of the prediction?
It's another chance for Seul Gi.
- This is what we call sports. - This is a match between rivals.
(How many points will Seul Gi get in her second shot?)
- She shot it. - She shook a little bit.
- She scored three points. - Seul Gi,
- it's okay. - Yes.
If this happens,
their will to chase after their opponent decreases.
But the competitor will change now.
That's right. It's Na Yeon's turn.
However, I can say this for sure. We are commentators,
but this gives energy even to us.
Teuk, I'm very disappointed in you.
I'm sorry.
(What will Na Yeon's first shot be like?)
(Shaking)
- She's shaking. - Yes, she shook a lot.
- Look at that. - What happened?
- What did we say earlier? - It's five points.
If I shoot 3 points, I will shoot 3 points again.
- Yes, that's right. - As soon as that was said,
she shot the same score too.
But she shot five points.
They must be very nervous because it's such a big match.
- It's Ye Ri. She shot it. - She shot it.
- It's 5 points. - It's 5 points.
- It's five points. - I don't know if I'm allowed...
to say this, but the arrows are everywhere.
They're everywhere.
They're in east, west, south, and north.
- Yes, it's entertaining. - They're everywhere.
Please make a bet with your family on where the arrows will land.
(Na Yeon's last shot)
It's Na Yeon's turn.
- It's Na Yeon, she shot it. - Yes.
- It's 8 points. - It's 8 points.
- She shot well. - Yes, she shot well.
- Her members are cheering. - She is probably starting...
to feel urgent.
The game is already halfway through.
(Pressured)
She has to focus more at a moment like this.
- It's a four-point difference. - Yes.
(Let's calm down.)
(What will be the score of Ye Ri's last shot?)
- Ye Ri needs to be a little calm. - She shot it.
- It's 6 points. - It's 6 points.
- The arrows are everywhere. - Yes.
This time, she shot it towards the top.
It's Tzuyu, the prettiest member of TWICE.
Bo Mi, the prettiest member of Apink acknowledged this fact.
(Will Tzuyu finalize the victory?)
Will Tzuyu finalize the victory? She's the ace of her team.
I thought she was a mannequin standing there.
Look at her posture.
- It's nine points. - She's good.
She's eliminating her opponent's will to chase them.
Good scores come from good posture.
- That's right. - Bo Mi is complimenting her.
Irene came out.
It's a match between the prettiest member of Red Velvet...
- and the prettiest member of TWICE. - She's the prettiest among TWICE.
And the prettiest member of Apink is commenting.
- That's right. - It's a battle among beauties.
- You can't see this anywhere else. - I can't believe this.
It's Irene's turn.
The look in her eyes changed.
(What will be Irene's first score?)
She shot it.
- That's good. It's 6 points. - It's 6 points.
It's six points.
The game isn't important.
Red Velvet doesn't shoot above the blue, they only shoot...
- 6, 5, and 3 points. - It's okay.
We're satisfied to just see this match.
- I just like this match. - Yes.
- I love this match. - It's Tzuyu's turn.
- Come on. - What do you mean by "come on"?
I think I'm too excited.
It's Tzuyu.
Tzuyu has good facial expressions too.
(What will Tzuyu's score be?)
- Okay. - Okay.
- Isn't she so pretty? - She has two shots left.
- It's 9 points. - It's 9 points.
She doesn't move.
- Tzuyu is the ace of TWICE. - That's right.
I think the winner of the game has been decided.
- Yes. - It's a 20 point difference.
It's almost over, but we just checked the score right now.
- It's okay. - Yes.
- You should enjoy the game. - Yes, you should enjoy it.
- Winning isn't important. - You have to enjoy.
- It's the holidays. - Yes. I'm excited.
Please don't give up...
- Of course. - until the end.
The look in Irene's eyes has changed as I said.
- Did she shoot? - Yes, it's seven points.
- It's seven points. - Good job.
- They're not shooting accurately. - Something is not right.
- It's not easy. - They have to shoot well...
to have good results next year.
It's Tzuyu's turn.
(Tzuyu's last arrow to highlight the end.)
[VIU Ver] MBC E02 2018 Idol Star Athletics Championships New Year Special
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Nine points.
(9 points)
Aren't those 9 points almost like 10 points?
Tzuyu, thank you very much.
- "Thank you"? - Yes, thank you.
- I heard you spoke some Chinese. - Yes, thank you.
Your pronunciation is disappointing.
- Thank you. - Yes.
It's 54 points against 32 points.
It's a 22 point difference.
- It's a record. - Yes.
There's one shot left.
- Please do your best until the end. - Of course.
Winning isn't important.
The fans are also saying that it's okay.
- It's a festival. - They're cheering for her too.
- It's not important. - Yes.
It's her turn now.
(What will Irene's last score be?)
Will it bring them to a successful conclusion?
- Is it 9 points? - Yes, it's 9 points.
It's nine points. She did a good job.
Red Velvet brought themselves to a successful conclusion.
- It's 54 points against 41 points. - Yes.
With a 13 point difference,
TWICE will advance to the semifinals.
Mi Na is preparing to go next.
(Group Two, Gugudan versus DIA)
- It's 8 points. - It's 8 points.
They have to chase them.
- That's good. - That's good.
Is that okay?
(Gugudan almost loses because of Hye Yeon's mistake.)
- No one knows what will happen. - Is it four points?
She doesn't move.
(But because of Na Young's remarkable shooting)
- It's 10 points. - Okay.
- That's too bad. - Gugudan won.
- She shot it. - It's 10 points.
That's right.
- She's doing good. - The score went up.
(Yoo Ji Ae and Baby Soul didn't do well in the beginning.)
- It's nine points. - Oh, my.
- It's nine points. - That's right.
Okay.
- She shot it. - It's nine points.
- It's a one point difference. - Oh My Girl won.
Oh My Girl advanced to the semifinals.
(TWICE versus Gugudan)
(Oh My Girl versus GFRIEND)
(2018 Idol Star Athletics Championships, New Year Special)
We will start the game of Group One...
for the semifinals of the women's archery team event.
The teams are Oh My Girl and GFRIEND.
GFRIEND is a strong player.
That's right.
- Yes. - They're in first place.
(They dominated the front-runner, EXID, last year.)
She did well.
(GFRIEND became the new queen of archery.)
Oh My Girl issued a challenge to them.
Yes, Oh My Girl did.
- Look at the cheering. - The cheering is intense.
It's Yoo A from Oh My Girl.
(Group One, Ye Rin versus Yoo A)
According to my memory,
- Yoo A's shots are very stable. - That's right.
- She's very calm. - Yoo A is about to shoot.
(Yoo A's first shot)
The look in her eyes is very confident.
- She shot it. - It's 10 points.
It's 10 points.
She's very stable.
GFRIEND will feel pressured this way.
Yes, they will.
But Ye Rin shoots well too.
- Yes, she shoots well. - Ye Rin is really good.
Ye Rin shoots well.
- She's very calm. - That's right.
(Calm Ye Rin's first shot)
- Ye Rin. - She shot it.
- It's 8 points. - It's 8 points.
- That's good. - She shot well.
I guess this is the match between the aces of each team.
That's right.
She's usually very cute and adorable.
But the look in her eyes becomes cold when she does archery.
She becomes cold.
(What will cold Yoo A's second shot be like?)
- Yes. - That's good.
- Is it 8 points? - Yes, it's 8 points.
She feels bad.
- 10 points will make a tie. - She's very different.
She's different. She's usually very cheerful.
She's very calm right now.
- She's cold. - She shot it.
- Is it 10 points? - Yes, it's 10 points.
- It's a tie. - Gosh.
- Yes. - It's 18 points against 18 points.
She looks like a general.
- Next. - Yes.
- I told you that Ye Rin was good. - Yes.
She scores 10 points by drawing an arc.
It hit the center.
It's Binnie versus Um Ji now.
- Binnie is good. - She is.
- It's 9 points. - It's 9 points.
- She's doing well. - She's challenging herself.
Will Um Ji do a good job again?
- She shot it. - It's eight points.
The game is halfway through. It's Binnie's turn.
Okay.
- It's 7 points. - It's 7 points.
GFRIEND has another chance because of this.
- It's 9 points. - It's 9 points.
- That means... - They won.
- It's a come-from-behind victory. - It's a come-from-behind victory.
GFRIEND is ahead by one point.
- It's a neck to neck match. - That's right.
I've never seen her like this.
- She looks very cold. - Yes.
- She shot it. - It's nine points.
- That was beautiful. - She did a good job.
She shot it.
- It's 8 points. - It's 8 points.
- It's Eun Ha. - That means...
- they tied with 43 points. - It's a tie.
(It's Seung Hee's second shot while they're in a tie.)
- Her members are cheering for her. - She shot it.
- It's 10 points. - Gosh.
What will happen?
- It's Eun Ha. - She needs to chase them.
(The second shot of Eun Ha, who needs to chase them)
There's a 10 point difference.
She shot it.
- It's eight points. - That's okay.
- We don't know yet. - She has one more shot left.
Their destiny will be decided after just one shot.
It's Seung Hee.
Will she finalize the victory or give them another chance?
She's the last competitor.
- It's 7 points. - Is it 7 points?
- Seven points mean... - We don't know yet.
That's right. They still have a chance.
(Deep breath)
They will win if she shoots 10 points.
They will have overtime if she shoots nine points.
(What will GFRIEND's destiny be like?)
- It's nine points. - What happened?
- Is it 9 points? It's 9 points. - It seems like 9 points.
They will advance to the next round...
if it's 10 points, but they'll have overtime if it's 9 points.
- She's checking. - It looks like nine points.
- It's 9 points. - It's 9 points.
It's a tie.
- It's overtime. - It's overtime.
- It's a shoot-off. - I can't believe this.
- Isn't it a shoot-off? - Yes.
Please explain what it is.
- What will happen? - If they shoot the same score,
they will each have a chance to shoot once more.
So each of them will shoot once more,
and if it's a tie again, they will shoot again.
But if one of them win here,
- that team will be the winner? - Yes, they will be the winner.
This is so cruel.
They each get another chance.
This shot will decide their destiny.
- Who is shooting for GFRIEND? - It's Um Ji.
- Um Ji. - It's Um Ji. I see.
Seung Hee is coming out.
It seems like Seung Hee will be shooting for Oh My Girl.
Both of them look determined.
They look determined.
This one shot will finish the game.
The first one to shoot...
is Seung Hee.
(Seung Hee will shoot the arrow first.)
(Nervous)
Seung Hee will go first.
She carefully pulls back her bow.
(Seung Hee carefully pulls back the bow.)
(Please)
(How many points will she score?)
She shot the arrow.
- She scored 10 points! - 10 points!
She scored 10 points!
- She shot the arrow. - She scored 10 points!
(One is sad while the other is happy.)
Now, there's nothing more she can do.
She did a great job.
They should be called "Oh My Gosh", not Oh My Girl.
- This is "OMG" - "OMG".
Under big pressure, she scored 10 points.
- She scored 10 points. - She did a great job.
She almost broke the camera lens.
The arrow flew and precisely hit the target.
GFRIEND can score 10 points too.
They can do it.
If GFRIEND scores 10 points,
it will be a historical moment of Idol Star Athletics Championships.
- Um Ji. - Um Ji can do it too.
Um Ji is also a very calm player.
(If she doesn't score 10 points, her team will lose.)
Um Ji.
This is the last shot.
(This last shot will decide their destiny.)
(It's incredibly tense.)
(Where will the last shot lead them to?)
She shot the arrow.
Is it nine points?
It doesn't matter if it's 8 or 9. The game is now over.
Seung Hee's last shot led to Oh My Girl's victory.
With the great last shot,
Oh My Girl moves into the finals.
No one expected this.
(Oh My Girl moves into the finals.)
You're now watching Women's Archery Team Event.
Group Two will now begin the semifinal match.
The players are TWICE and Gugudan.
The first player from TWICE is obviously Da Hyun.
(Da Hyun versus Na Young)
The audience is cheering loud.
(The match begins with intense cheering.)
They look like excited soldiers.
(How will her first shot go?)
I wonder how it'll go.
She shot her arrow.
- She scored 4 points. - 4 points.
- What was that? - Four points.
It seems like she shot it too early before aiming right.
It seems like it. She must be a little nervous.
It's Na Young's turn now.
Gugudan starts the match with their best player.
Na Young scored 9 and 10 points earlier.
(How will Na Young's shot go?)
Na Young is a very stable player.
She must be feeling quite easy.
10 points!
- 10 points! - She scored 10 points.
- See? - It's a smooth start.
The fans are so mature.
They cheer for the players.
No matter which team they cheer for,
they keep quiet when the player pulls back the bow.
- It's Da Hyun's turn. - Everyone stays quiet.
(Da Hyun's second shot)
- She scored 9 points! - 9 points. She's back again.
TWICE has a lot of ups and downs.
- It's hard to predict their result. - You're right.
It's Na Young's turn. She's very calm.
(Na Young's second shot)
- It looks good. - She looks stable.
- Oh, no. - That was close.
- Did she score 7 points? - Yes, 7 points.
Then they don't have a huge point gap.
- There's only 4 points difference. - There's 4 points difference.
(Na Yeon versus Se Jeong)
She shot the arrow.
- She scored 10 points! - 10 points!
She scored 10 points.
TWICE is a scary team.
It's hard to predict what they will do.
Na Yeon scored 10 points from the beginning.
She scored 10 points.
It's Se Jeong's turn now.
It's her first shot.
(How many points will she score?)
- There she goes. - She scored eight points.
- Good. - It's not bad.
She did a good job.
With the score of 23 to 25,
Gugudan is leading the game.
- She should keep up her pace. - Right.
She shot her arrow.
- Is it 7 points? - She scored 7 points.
She did a good job.
It becomes harder and harder to predict the result.
It's hard to predict how many points TWICE will score.
We don't know what to expect.
Was that from a song?
Thanks for the song.
I did that to entertain our senior viewers.
(Se Jeong's second shot)
- She shot the arrow. - She shot the arrow.
- She scored 8 points. - 8 points.
- It's a really close match. - She scored eight points twice.
They couldn't run so far away.
The score is 30 to 33.
- They have three shots left. - Here comes Tzuyu.
The next player from TWICE is Tzuyu.
We can expect a high score from her.
You're right. She's an ace.
It looks like we're having Premier League here.
Their cheering is as loud as...
the audience cheering for Manchester United in Premier League.
They keep cheering.
Tzuyu.
- She's a stable player. - She's an ace.
She scored nine points.
She's an ace indeed.
- TWICE will now catch up with them. - They will.
(How many points will Hye Yeon score?)
- She scored 10 points. - 10 points.
(They're excited.)
Hye Yeon scored 10 points.
Hye Yeon is an ace.
This frustrates TWICE, who wanted to catch up to them.
- Look. - She scored 10 points.
- She scored indeed 10 points. - She's good at dealing with crises.
(Tzuyu's second shot)
- There she goes. - She scored eight points.
Eight points.
It's a little disappointing.
- She could've scored 10. - It's a little disappointing.
They still have one more shot left.
It's very likely that Tzuyu is their last player.
Hye Yeon is a good player.
Hye Yeon looks incredibly calm.
Will she get to run away or keep being chased?
(Her first shot was 10 points. How will it go this time?)
- 10 points! - 10 points!
She's incredible.
- She's incredible. - Hye Yeon is amazing.
She scored 10 points in a row.
- She scored 10 points in a row. - 10 points in a row.
The score is 47 to 53.
Now, only 7 points are between their scores.
The last player is Tzuyu.
(Will Tzuyu's last shot lead her team to the finals?)
Will they make it to the finals?
(Will Tzuyu's last shot lead the team to the finals?)
(Smiling)
- What was that smile? - Nine points.
She scored nine points.
- She scored 9 points with a smile. - She scored 9 points.
It's too early to give up hope.
Maybe she sensed something was going wrong.
She smiled before she shot the arrow.
Why did she smile? What's the meaning of the smile?
Who are you talking to?
I'm talking to Tzuyu, but she's not answering.
I should have asked her in Chinese.
- I'm sorry. - It's Hye Yeon's turn.
Unless something comes up...
Unless she scores under three points...
The arrow slipped off.
- She should be careful. - She has to shoot in 20 seconds.
If she gets disqualified, her team will lose.
She scored nine points.
Gugudan is the winner.
Hye Yeon stayed calm...
until the end.
The final score is 56 to 62. Leading the score by 6 points,
- Gugudan moves into the finals. - Congratulations.
(Gugudan moves into the finals.)
(Women's Archery Team Event)
(Gugudan versus Oh My Girl)
Now, we will start Men's Archery Team Event.
Which teams are playing in Men's Archery Team Event?
I'd like to say they're all amazing.
It'd be sad if these guys are not in archery games. BTOB and Vixx.
Seventeen, a strong competitor, and MONSTA X joins as well.
Vernon from Seventeen...
- is a great player. - He is indeed.
Even though it's their first time for some teams,
they raise our expectations.
NU'EST, Up10tion, and NCT127 are joining the match too.
I can't wait to see their games.
- Many idol groups did a great job. - They did.
(Idol stars' real competition)
(The real game starts now.)
(Take aim at the gold medal!)
(Many contestants aim for the throne.)
(The previous champions won't let them take it.)
(Who will be the first bowling champion?)
(A fierce competition is now about to begin.)
(Please stay tuned for Part 2)
(2018 Idol Star Athletics Championships)